# Force-directed graph layouts revisited: a new force based on the t-Distribution

An online javascript demo for t-FDP can be found [here](https://t-fdp.github.io/), and the source project for the demo is available [here](https://github.com/t-fdp/t-fdp-src). 

---
## Contens:
- **analysis/**
    - **_analysis/\*.ipynb_**: python notebook for the source code to analyze the experimental results.
    - **_analysis/results_**: experimental results.
    - **_analysis/Figs_** : figures generated by the code.

- **_data/_** The copy of all tested graphs except oversized eight graphs due to github file size limit. All of these oversized graphs can be found in [SNAP](https://snap.stanford.edu/data/index.html) collection.

- **_source_code/_** : source code for t-FDP.

- **_layout_results/_** : layout results generated by all methods with five repeated runs.
    - **_layout_results/PMDS_init_** : layout results generated by the eight methods with PMDS initialization.
    - **_layout_results/RD_init_** : layout results generated by the eight methods with random initialization.
    - **_layout_results/Other_** : other three method(PMDS, SFDP and DRGraph).
    - **_layout_results/t-FDP_approx_** : layout results generated by four approximation method and the exact method of the t-FDP model.

- **_run_tfdp.py_** : code for generating t-FDP layout results.


## Environments
The code is tested under ubuntu 20.04.
#### Requires: Anaconda3, python3.8, gcc

#### cmd for conda install:
```
conda install -c conda-forge cupy cudatoolkit=10.2 jupyter notebook 
pip install scikit-learn pyfftw numba_kdtree pytorch torchvision pandas dask[dataframe]
pip install numpy==1.20.3 numba==0.54.1
```
and then you can use the [jupyter notebook](https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/running.html) to open and run the analysis code.

#### setup for t-FDP
> please refer to source_code/README.md

#### run for t-FDP
> setup the environments and then run `python run_tfdp.py`.

---
## Licensing
The source code is licensed under LGPL v2.1. License is available [here](https://github.com/Ideas-Laboratory/t-fdp/blob/main/LICENSE).

If you have any problem, please submit an issue or [email](zhongfahai@gmail.com) us.